New CreateEdit documentation (#7424)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/EditTutorial.md

```diff
import * as React from "react";
-import { useEditController, Title, EditContextProvider, SimpleForm, TextInput, SelectInput } from "react-admin";
+import { EditBase, Title, SimpleForm, TextInput, SelectInput } from "react-admin";
import { Card } from "@mui/material";

export const BookEdit = () => {
- const editContext = useEditController();
- if (editContext.isLoading) return null;
  return (
-   <EditContextProvider value={editContext}>
+   <EditBase>
      <div>
        <Title title="Book Edition" />
        <Card>
          <SimpleForm>
            <TextInput source="title" />
            <TextInput source="author" />
            <SelectInput source="availability" choices={[
              { id: "in_stock", name: "In stock" },
              { id: "out_of_stock", name: "Out of stock" },
              { id: "out_of_print", name: "Out of print" },
            ]} />
          </SimpleForm>
        </Card>
      </div>
-   </EditContextProvider>
+   </EditBase>
  );
};
```

### `<Edit>` Renders Title, Fields, And Actions

> `<EditBase>` is a headless component: it renders only its children. But almost every edition view needs a wrapping `<div>`, a title, and a `<Card>`. That’s why react-admin provides [the `<Edit>` component](./Edit.md), which includes the `<EditBase>` component, a title built from the resource name, and even a “Show" button if the resource has a show component:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<EditBase>` is a headless component: it renders only its children. But almost every edition view needs a wrapping `<div>`, a title, and a `<Card>`. That’s why react-admin provides [the `<Edit>` component](./Edit.md), which includes the `<EditBase>` component, a title built from the resource name, and even a "Show" button if the resource has a show component:
```

);
```

React-admin components are not magic, they are React components designed to let you focus on the business logic and avoid repetitive tasks. 

Tip: Actually, `<Edit>` does more than the code it replaces in the previous example: it handles notification and redirection upon submission, it sets the page title, and handles the error logic.

## Setting Default Values

> It's the Form and Ipunt components' responsibility to define default values. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's the Form and Input component's responsibility to define default values. 
```
